update docs to include building with Docker (#1085)
opentofu/opentofu: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Working on the Code

If you wish to work on the OpenTofu CLI source code, you'll first need to install the [Git](https://git-scm.com/) version control system. Use Git to clone this repository into a location of your choice. OpenTofu uses [Go Modules](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules), and so you should *not* clone it inside your `GOPATH`.

After that, you can either install the [Go](https://golang.org/) compiler locally, or use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to build in a container. At this time the OpenTofu development environment targets only Linux and MacOS systems. While OpenTofu itself is compatible with Windows, unfortunately the unit test suite currently contains Unix-specific assumptions around maximum path lengths, path separators, etc. This means that using Docker is the best option if working on Windows.

> If using Visual Studio Code or IntelliJ, a [devcontainer](.devcontainer.json) is included which integrates directly with Docker. Simply open the repository and you should be prompted to re-open in the container. At this point you can proceed as if [building natively](#building-natively) on Linux.

Reviewer: Goland would be more appropriate to mention here since it's a Go project. Also, the instructions seem to be inaccurate since Goland doesn't prompt to open the dev container, only VSCode does that. You need to open the `.devcontainer.json` file and click the little box icon:

![image](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/assets/86970079/4a042353-a322-4e8f-903f-b38882499bfb)

For VSCode, the devcontainers addon needs to be installed explicitly as it is not bundled.

Author: If you have the Remote Containers extension installed, you should get a toast popup as soon as you open the repository: 
![image](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/assets/3674196/15df92c3-a029-4868-989c-504f544a26a0)

I've updated the wording to accommodate the above points. Thanks!

If you wish to work on the OpenTofu CLI source code, you'll first need to install the [Git](https://git-scm.com/) version control system. Use Git to clone this repository into a location of your choice. OpenTofu uses [Go Modules](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules), and so you should *not* clone it inside your `GOPATH`.

After that, you can either install the [Golang](https://golang.org/) compiler locally, or use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to build in a container. At this time the OpenTofu development environment targets only Linux and MacOS systems. While OpenTofu itself is compatible with Windows, unfortunately the unit test suite currently contains Unix-specific assumptions around maximum path lengths, path separators, etc. This means that using Docker is the best option if working on Windows.

> If using Visual Studio Code or IntelliJ, a [devcontainer](.devcontainer.json) is included which integrates directly with Docker. Once you have the [Remote Containers extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) installed, Simply open the repository and you should be prompted to re-open in the container. At this point you can proceed as if [building natively](#building-natively) on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Visual Studio Code or Goland/IntelliJ, a [devcontainer](.devcontainer.json) is included which integrates directly with Docker. In Visual Studio Code, you can install the [Remote Containers extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) extension, then reopen the project to get a prompt about activating the devcontainer. In Goland/Intellij, open the `.devcontainers.json` file and click the purple cube icon that appears next to the line numbers to activate the dev container. At this point you can proceed as if [building natively](#building-natively) on Linux.
```
